README.md, before:

# Android Project 3 - TheaterTrack

Submitted by: Adrian Eastmond

TheaterTrack is a movie-browsing app that allows users to browse movies currently playing in theaters.

Time spent: 5 hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] **Make a request to [The Movie Database API's `now_playing`](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-now-playing) endpoint to get a list of current movies**
- [x] **Parse through JSON data and implement a RecyclerView to display all movies**
- [x] **Use Glide to load and display movie poster images**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [x] Improve and customize the user interface through styling and coloring
- [x] Implement orientation responsivity
  - App should neatly arrange data in both landscape and portrait mode
- [x] Implement Glide to display placeholder graphics during loading
  - Note: this feature is difficult to capture in a GIF without throttling internet speeds. Instead, include an additional screencap of your Glide code implementing the feature. (<10 lines of code)

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='https://i.imgur.com/t3YFPSc.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->

GIF created with [ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows

## Notes

None.

## License

    Copyright

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Update README and Refactor
- New README
- Change App Name
- Cleaner Image Urls
- Cleaner Binding Adapter
- Added Todos

README.md, after:

# Android Project 4 - *Name of App Here*

Submitted by: **Your Name Here**

**Name of your app** is a movie browsing app that allows users to browse ... [TODO]

Time spent: **X** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [ ] **Choose any endpoint on The MovieDB API except `now_playing`**
  - Chosen Endpoint: `[TODO: FILL ME IN TO GET CREDIT]`
- [] **Make a request to your chosen endpoint and implement a RecyclerView to display all entries**
- [ ] **Use Glide to load and display at least one image per entry**
- [ ] **Click on an entry to view specific details about that entry using Intents**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] **Add another API call and RecyclerView that lets the user interact with different data.**
- [ ] **Add rounded corners to the images using the Glide transformations**
- [ ] **Implement a shared element transition when user clicks into the details of a movie**

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with ...
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
